One of the common problems that people face is to remember the passwords of various accounts: bank account passwords, wallet accounts, emails, social media, etc. In the digital world, its not surprising if people have more than 15 to 20 passwords for various accounts. The problem becomes complex when users possess multiple devices like desktop, tablet, smartphones, etc. So, we need to develop a digital vault that will help users store all their passwords and share it across all devices.

Develop a backend with database and APIs to to store and share passwords. The APIs/database should support all the features that are indicated in the designs.

    1.  App would be login based. User would have to create an account first. His phone number would act as the username. His login password should be a 4-digit pin code. In case of mobile app, user would also have the option to unlock the app using his fingerprint instead of a pin. Once the user signs-up, he would receive an OTP on the registered mobile number and account will be created on providing valid OTP.
    2.  In case if the user forgets his pin, his password should be reset by mobile OTP messages. In case if the user forgets once again, the users data should be cleared.
    3.  Home Screen: After successful login/signup, the home page is displayed. The home page will display a list of items that the user has stored. The user would also have the ability to group the stored passwords in separate categories (like social media, wallet, bank account, etc.). The homepage would also have options for the following:
        a. 	Add a new password for a particgiyular website.
        b. 	Search for an existing item in the stored list of passwords. This acts as a filter for user to quickly search for an item in the list.
        c. 	Sync up the data to the cloud. This ‘Sync’ operation will allow the user to sync the data to one of his configured cloud accounts. This will make sure that the user can download the saved passwords once again in case if he loses any of his passwords.
        d. 	Adding new website password: User should be able to provide a website URL, a short name for the site, the folder name where the items should be stored (in case if the user wants to have separate folders/categories), username for the site and the password. He can optionally enter some notes. The added password item would appear in the home screen. The app should also fetch the icon from the given URL and add that as logo for that particular item.
        e. 	Each added password would appear as one item in the home screen. Each item would have the following features. The ‘Copy password’ link will copy the password to the clipboard. Tapping on the URL would launch the URL in the browser. Tapping on any remaining portion of the item (logo or the item name) would launch the edit screen where the user could edit the item details.
          git f. 	Although the app is developed to store passwords, in the future the app can extend its features such that we can store secured notes, addresses, ATM/credit card/debit card pin codes, etc. So, the architecture that you propose should be flexible enough to handle this future requirement.